RECAP FROM LAST TIME (Feb 11, 2021):
1. (DONE!) write player current health and maximum health to the gamestate.pddl file
2. (DONE!)add heal action to the pddl domain file
2.5. (DONE!) connect pddl action to the webserver action
3. (DONE) add new goal capability to select the goal of current health == maximum health
   whenever current health is < 50% of maximum


TONIGHT (Feb 18, 2021):
1. (DONE) Discussion: Why I'm doing this
2. (DONE) Add code to catch new g values (solves the smoke problem from last time)
3. (DONE) Better monster goal; separate out attack from movement actions
    a. (DONE) Separate move_and_attack actions in move and attack
    b. (DONE) Write out pddl for the has_monster predicate
    c. (DONE) Make the attack action have an effect where the monster is no longer at that tile
    d. (DONE) Add attack monster goals into the goal selection part of the planning agent
4. Decouple goal selection from planning; if goal changes, re-plan
    a. Make everything goal oriented with a goal selection function
        i. make traveling down via stairs goal oriented
            *. (DONE)write an action model for traveling stairs down
            *. (DONE)add new predicates to the pddl from gamestate
            *. (DONE) add new common knowledge to the pddl
    b. (LEFT OFF HERE) Test goal selection with every action
        i. *** Issue was that the agent seems to be replanning for the same goal, which shouldn't be happening
        ii. ALSO LEFT OFF ADDING INDIVIUAL PLACES in the general knowledge file
            NEXT TIME - need to make player place unique, can't use place predicate
5. (Bonus) Figure out how to reconnect to an existing game (Quality of Life Improvement)


Future issues to solve:
* check if time (from the game) has changed - if not we have a problem
* investigate situation where monsters are not being seen
* add smoke to the objects that can be detected in cells
* gracefully handle agent death
* shallow and deep water can have the same symbol